Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Oh. fuck.
Hello?
Emma?
- Yeah.
- Oh. my God. you picked up.
What do you want?
Just surprised I didn't. uh--
Yeah. me too.
Well. uh...
...just wanted to. uh.
talk to you.
you know. and see
how you're doing and. uh--
Why?
Well. I just...
Look. I know. uh...
I know I screwed up. honey.
and. uh-- I just want to say
I'm sorry. okay?
To you and your mom.
I am so. so sorry.
Are you fucking serious
right now?
What?
What the hell is
wrong with you?
Nothing's wrong with me.
I'm just-- I'm. uh--
just wanted--
What makes you think that
I want to hear that?
Why is-- Why is now the time
for me to hear that?
Come on. honey.
I tried calling plenty
of times before.
and you didn't pick up
and I--
So it's my fault?
No. it's no one's fault.
It's no one's fault.
I just. uh--
I'm here.
You're here now?
Are you fucking kidding me?
No. I'm not kidding. Okay?
I am trying to say I'm sorry.
I am trying to apologize.
I'm trying to fix this mistake.
And I think the least you could
do is just listen
to what I have to say.
How can I apologize
if you will not listen
to what I have to say?
Em?
Emma please tell me
you're still there.
I'm not.
Emma!
Don't hang up!
Fuck you.
Please don't.
I tried.
I did. I tried.
She won't listen to me.
She won't listen
to what I have to say.
I tried.
I really tried.
Stop. please.
Don't--
Stop.
Oh. no.
no. no. no.
Wait. wait--
Please!
No! Ah!
No!
-Jocelyn.
-Pastor Lewis.
Thank you again.
It was a lovely service.
Of course.
If you need anything.
please don't hesitate to ask.
Thank you.
Hey. JC.
Hey. guys.
Thanks for coming.
Of course.
If you need anything.
let us know.
Thank you.
Is that her?
- Yeah. it is.
- Huh.
I'm surprised she came.
Yeah. me too.
Hey. sweetie.
Hey. Mom.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Just wanted to let you know
that it's done.
The service is over.
Oh. okay.
How was it?
Um... Fine. I mean--
Do you really care
how nice it was?
I mean. I guess it doesn't
really matter.
I just care
about how you're doing.
I'm fine. Really.
Yeah?
And how's Maryland?
Well. I leave in two days.
so I'm looking forward to that.
Good answer.
Will I get to see you?
Uh. no.
I'm headed straight
to Dallas for the tour start.
Oh... just going right
back to work.
Yeah... it's supposed
to be a good gig.
Pays really well.
Okay.
I just want to make sure
you're not burning yourself out.
I know.
Have you talked to Jocelyn?
Um. yeah. we talked.
Yeah?
How'd that go?
I don't know. it was short.
She wants to see me tomorrow.
Oh. For what?
I don't know.
Like... to talk more. I guess?
Well. that might be good.
Well.
I don't think I'm gonna go.
Okay.
I mean. if that's
what you're comfortable with.
I just don't see the point.
I get that.
Trust me. I do.
But keep in mind.
she lost him. too. Em.
It might be good to just hear
what she has to say.
At least this one time.
Look. you just do what's best
for you. okay?
Uh. yeah.
Call me when your flight lands.
okay?
Yeah I will.
All right. Love you. Em.
Love you.
- Hey. buddy!
- What're you doin?
The service is over. pal.
You can't be here.
Jesus. man.
Get the fuck outta here!
Or we're calling the cops.
Unbelievable.
Seriously? Hey!
What'd I tell you before?
Get the hell out of here!
Paul?
Call the cops on this guy.
Unbelievable.
Couldn't find a better photo
of this guy?
Paul.
Call the fucking police.
Jimmy. what happened?
911. What's your emergency?
My friend fell and hit his head.
Is your friend conscious?
No. I don't-- I don't even
think he's breathing.
Okay. sir.
what is your location?
Yeah. it's uh--
Sir?
I need to know your location
so I can send an ambulance.
Hey. you fucking drop him!
Is someone there with you?
Yeah. He's uh--
Hello? Sir?
Are you still there?
Sir? Is anyone still there?
I need to know
your location. sir.
I need to get you assistance.
If you can still hear me.
please stay on the line.
-Sorry!
-Hey.
You want anything to drink?
I'm okay for now.
Happy you decided
to actually come.
And it's nice to finally.
officially meet you.
Yeah. that's--
That's true.
Where are you staying?
That little motel
on Patrick Street.
That's far. isn't it?
It's cheap.
Well. hey.
Cheers to that.
Yeah.
No? Bad cheers.
Hair in the sink is going to be
a no cheers for me.
Long hair or short hair?
They're pubes.
Yeah. Okay. I take it back.
Bad cheers.
So I'm crouching down behind him
wrapping this cable.
and he's like. sure.
I'll pose for a photo.
And then he turns around
and drops his pants
all the way to the ground
and just flashes
his ass at them.
What?
Meanwhile. ya know. my
face is just at dick height.
Oh. no!
So. just a face full of baloney.
Oh. that is awful.
That is rock stars.
I would give anything
to be a roadie.
A backline technician.
And that. too.
It has its ups and downs.
You get to travel and see some
pretty amazing things.
It gets a little lonely.
But it doesn't bother me.
I could never do it.
- No?
- No.
It's not in the cards
for someone like me.
What does that mean?
My whole life
has been planned out
for a long time.
Graduate college
with a major in communications.
Move to Baltimore.
work at the marketing firm
that my mom used to work at.
Meet a fine. upstanding man
named Dave.
-Get married with a prenup.
-Sure.
Have more than one kid.
Become less attractive to Dave.
Financially support all of
his mid-life crisis hobbies.
Resent him.
Catch him cheating.
spend the next six months
methodically plotting
his murder.
Send the kids to college.
Like I said. it's all
been planned out.
Fucking Dave.
Well. hey. there was. um...
...something that
I wanted to show you.
I wasn't sure I. um--
I thought you might want it.
Do you remember
taking it with him?
-You look so happy--
-Where'd you get this?
It was. um...
It was with him that night.
I mean.
it must mean something. right?
When was the last time
that you talked to him?
Do you remember?
What does it matter?
I'm... I'm sorry if that made
things awkward.
What did you expect to happen?
I don't know. I--
I thought that
maybe we could talk.
I don't understand why?
Because he was our father--
He was not my father.
What did you think that
this was going to make us
friends? Family?
I thought that might be
up to us.
Right.
Why did you come?
Why were you there yesterday?
I mean. how much of him
do you even remember?
I remember...
...waking up to my mom
crying at the kitchen table
because the night
before he left.
He just packed up
and moved out.
I'm sorry--
A couple years later.
we got word that
he was married again.
And not long after that.
he had a beautiful daughter.
I guess Daddy finally
got his little girl.
Fuck.
You want to know why
I was there yesterday?
I have hated this man
my entire life.
I hated him for what he did to
my mom. for what he did to me.
He was not a father to me.
No. he--
He took that.
and he gave it to somebody else.
So fuck him. Right?
I am just so sick of feeling
this pit of shit inside me.
And I thought...
...maybe if I come here.
I'll finally get something.
And maybe I can just sever
this-- this hate
and finally just stop hurting.
And I'm...
...standing there yesterday
staring at this casket.
And I can't help thinking.
"If I never truly cared
for this man. ever...
...then why am I standing here
so fucking sad?"
Why do I have to feel the hate
and the anger and the grief?
Can I-- Can I be spared that?
How is that fucking fair?!
I don't know.
Yeah. I don't think I want that.
Okay.
Hey. Frank.
Hey. JC.
Thanks.
I know it's probably
a stupid question. but...
How you holding up?
I'm hanging in there.
Pastor Lewis gave
a lovely service.
Yeah. I'm sure. The John Wheeler
I knew was a good man.
John Wheeler?
What a wretched way to go.
Come on. Larry.
How long. do you think. until
they name it "Wheeler Bridge"
like he was some war hero?
-All right.
-I got to go.
I worked with John Wheeler
for 15 years at the factory.
Now. I never really knew him.
but that man was no hero.
That man had secrets.
-Demons.
-Stop.
Makes you wonder
if it was even a real suicide.
Jesus Christ. Larry.
This is his daughter.
She doesn't need to be hearing
that shit right now.
-JC. honey. I'm sorry.
-Thanks for the drinks. Frank.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Entry door sensor.
Hey. how's it going?
Who's that?
Some asshole in a cheap suit.
I guess he's taking
a liking to you.
And. uh. can't say I blame him.
Well. I'm here if you need
anything.
Bryce. you're only supposed
to take one.
Who cares?
Well.
I'm not getting in trouble.
Trick or treat.
That's not real magic.
You hid that up your sleeve.
That was fake.
Bryce. Stop.
You're going to give me
some now?
Hey.
Hey!
Stop!
I said stop it!
Gimme those back!
Let me go! Please!
Let me go!
Get off of me!
Help me!
Let me go!
Get off of me! Help me!
Help me!
-Trick or treat!
You guys look great!
-Thank you Miss Jocelyn.
Happy Halloween. guys.
The ghosts are moving tonight.
Restless. Hungry.
May I introduce myself?
I'm Watson Pritchard.
And in just a minute.
I'll show you the only really
haunted house in the world.
Since it was built
a century ago.
seven people. including my
brother. have been murdered.
I'm Frederick Loren.
and I've rented the house
on Haunted Hill tonight
so that my wife
can give a party.
A haunted house party.
She's so amusing.
There'll be food and drink
and ghosts
and perhaps even
a few murders.
You're all invited.
If any of you will spend
the next 12 hours in this house.
I'll give you each $10.000
or your next of kin
in case you don't survive.
Ah. but here come
our other guests.
It was my wife's idea...
...to have our guests come
in the funeral cars.
- She's so amusing--
- JC it's us.
Her sense of humor
is shall we say--
Okay. coming.
I dreamed up the hearse.
It's empty now.
But after a night in the house
on Haunted Hill. who knows?
It's Lance Schroeder.
a test pilot.
No doubt a brave man.
But don't you think you can be
much braver?
Boo!
And I haven't...
...all night.
This is Ruth Bridges...
Hey. guys.
You okay?
- Hmm?
- Dude...
Girl. did you get started
without us?
-It was a little bit.
-I thought I smelled something!
It was just a little.
-Come on.
-Okay.
Can someone make sure that
she didn't smoke everything.
Yo seriously? I gave you this.
like. forever ago.
I don't even know
if they're still good.
I know. I know.
I was saving them for. um...
A special occasion.
Yeah. I think this counts.
Nice. You. uh... you pre-game
before the festival?
What?
The festival.
The big Halloween blowout
they do every year.
-You-- You going?
-No.
Okay.
It's. uh. $21.99.
You got a rewards number
with us--
Nope.
I can save you 10%
if you just--
If you don't let me buy this.
I'm going to steal it.
Everybody's tired.
And we all look over at JC.
and we're like.
damn. this girl's like 6 seconds
away from passing out.
We all expect her to go to bed.
but she's just laying there
with her eyes
half open and she says.
I'm going to go take a shower.
I don't like going to bed
feeling dirty.
And so we're all down here
and we hear the shower running
for like 45 minutes.
Oh. no.
What are you doing in there
for 45 minutes?
Knock on the door.
We're like. "Yo. JC. you good".
Nothing.
We crack open the door.
I go in. like
"Hey. I'm coming in!"
And there she is.
fully clothed.
lying on the floor
of the shower.
I was tired.
Like who goes in the shower.
fully clothed.
And then is just like curls up
the floor--
- Only JC.
That's something
only JC would do.
Oh. look.
it's the Halloween. asshole.
It's very. very cute.
What. you want to compare
outfits?
Um. so JC. you going
to the festival tonight?
Oh. I'm...
I don't know. I don't--
I don't think so.
It's supposed to have a pretty
sweet fucking maze this year.
Only if you're comfortable. Jay.
You always go to this festival.
It's like your thing.
I mean. like. since your dad
took you every year?
Like... you put us on to it!
Yeah. I-- I know.
I didn't...
I'm sorry.
It's just he took you
all the time.
I just thought--
No. no. it's fine. I understand.
It's just. um...
I don't know. sometimes
I feel like he's still here.
Fuck it.
Maybe he is.
Even though my Nana passed.
I feel her. too.
It's a comfort to know
she's still here with me.
Yeah. comfort isn't the word
that I would use.
Okay. is that it?
We're done.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just dreaming.
I never really believed
in ghosts.
I was in a lock-in once.
What?
I was with this group
of friends--
Whoa. you have other friends?
Yeah. It was in this abandoned
theater.
Everyone thought it was haunted.
And we spent the whole night
chasing around these. like.
weird sounds.
And the lights would just go.
like. on and off
and on...
And what?
And nothing.
It was just some homeless guy.
What the fuck
was the point of that?
Just that I don't believe
in ghosts either.
And?
And that. you know.
people will see
what they want to see.
and. you know. trick themselves
into believing it.
Okay.
then what do you believe?
Well.
I don't believe in ghosts.
You know. like when you die.
that's it.
That's the end.
There's... nothing.
Oh. shit.
JC. I'm sorry.
Actually. I just...
JC?
I just have to go to
the bathroom real quick.
Great story. Liam.
Yeah. Definitely tell it again.
Jocelyn...
It's not real.
It's not real. It's not real.
Hey. you good?
Yeah. I. um. I want to go.
-Go where?
-To the festival.
I want to go.
Uh. are you sure?
Yeah. I wanna go with you guys.
I just...
I don't want to be here
anymore.
-Okay. Well...
-Oh. fuck yes!
Who's driving?
Back the fuck off!
Hey. I recognize you.
You were at the cemetery.
You were...
You were dancing.
What the fuck do you want?
Oh. fuck you.
What are you going to do?
You gonna cut me
with the piece of glass?
Right here
in the fucking street?
Okay! Do it then.
Let's go.
Don't just fucking stand there.
Do something.
Cut--
Cut me open!
Do it!
There it is! Up there.
Come on!
Yo. JC! You good?
Yeah.
Check it out.
Who's coming?
If you're not feeling it
we don't have to.
I'm good.
Really.
Shit.
Maddie!
Hey! Hey! JC it's me. JC.
It's me. JC! Stop!
Hey. you okay?
Dammit! JC. We should have known
this would be too much for you--
He's gone! Maddie. he's gone.
he's really gone!
-And I'm all alone.
-Hey. you're not all alone--
First my mom.
I was a kid.
She did...
She did everything for us.
She was my mom.
I know.
And now. I mean-- I just--
They were my family--
and they're gone.
You know. I thought maybe
I'd have a bit of family left.
I don't know what I expected.
Maybe that
she wanted to get to know
me a little bit.
but I guess not.
Maddie?
Why can't I hold on
to my family?
You've still got us. Jay.
You've always got us.
Sorry. We're closed.
Entry door sensor.
Oh. it's you again.
Look. I--
Oh. come on. Excuse me.
I don't know how.
I just saw him.
He cut himself. and he was.
He was dead.
What do you want?
I watched him.
Oh. too much Halloween for you.
Let me ask you a question.
you kill that whole bottle
by yourself?
Hello?
Look. I love the look.
Carrie. but
if you don't get out of here.
I gotta call the cops.
Okay.
She said she would steal shit.
Do you know if she did?
I don't know. I can't be sure.
How we doing tonight. ma'am?
I. uh... I need some help.
All right. Said you need help?
Why don't you tell us
what's going on?
Um. I saw a man.
he was on the street. and he
killed himself in front of me.
Okay. Okay.
Are you hurt?
No. He--
He-- he's--
He stood up.
He killed himself
and then he stood up.
So the man that killed himself.
he came back to life again.
I know how it sounds.
No. no. it's okay. Um. can you
tell us what he looked like?
Did you know him?
He had a mask
and a suit and a top hat.
I see.
I think what we have here
is maybe a Halloween prank.
No. no. no.
Ma'am. it was probably
just some guy dressed up
as this character to scare you.
No. I know what I saw.
A guy come back to life.
When's the last time
you took something?
'Cause we talked to the clerk.
and he said you bought a bottle?
Maybe when you went outside.
you opened up that bottle.
you take a couple of swigs?
Oh. yeah. but--
And have you had anything else
tonight?
-What?
-Controlled substances?
Weed. pills?
-No. I'm not high.
-Big night for partying.
I said I'm not fucking high!
Okay. okay.
Entry door sensor.
Ma'am. are you sure
you're not injured?
Ma'am?
There's blood on you.
Are you bleeding?
Hey. ma'am.
there's blood on you.
Is it yours?
Then where did it come from?
Him.
Is this the guy you saw earlier?
Hey. buddy.
You mind if we ask you some
questions?
Did you see this woman earlier?
All right.
Why don't you cut it with
the cute little clown routine
and take off the mask. huh?
Hey. check that.
Nothing.
You want to take off the mask
so we can talk?
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
-Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
All right. buddy.
We said earlier.
enough with the clown shit.
Come on.
All right. buddy. outside.
- Come on. Halloween's over.
- Hey!
What the fuck?
What the fuck!?
Oh. shit!
What the fuck?!
Get off of me! Get off me!
Get off me! Get off me!
What the fuck is that!?
Oh. shit.
What the fuck!?
Oh. my God.
I'm sorry. miss.
I'm all out.
- Do you have cherry?
- Yeah.
-Strawberry?
-Come on.
We need to take JC home.
Alexis.
-Grape.
-Please?
Out.
-Lex. you're not listening.
-What's in there?
-Oh. that's blue raspberry.
-Alexis. please!
Okay. so can I get some blue
raspberry?
We need to take her home now.
We're out of blue raspberry
also.
-What!?
-I'm really worried. Alexis!
You're out
of the only thing you have?
Why does she have to do
this right now?
Why don't you just let
her get something to eat?
I'm just thinking maybe
we should start heading home.
Yeah. maybe we could head out.
Then why in God's
green fucking earth are you
still open?
Alexis.
Keep an eye on her.
Hey. JC--
Dad?
Yeah. I'm not using it.
Not bad.
Hey. excuse me.
Evil Witch. have you seen
my daughter. Jocelyn?
Don't worry. Daddy.
It's me. I'm right here.
Oh. my God.
What?
What the fuck?
My teeth!
My fucking teeth!
There you are.
Where have you been.
little lady?
Getting candy.
No!
I wanna know
why the lights are still on.
Daddy?
Daddy?!
No! Daddy?!
Don't go! Daddy!
Daddy. come back. come back!
What the fuck?
JC! JC. what are you doing?
JC. Liam got
his fucking eyes taken out.
I don't know
what the fuck is happening.
Please. just turn around.
Turn around!
What are you doing?
JC. please.
Please.
His teeth are gone!
What the fuck?
What the fuck!?
Oh. my God!
JC. don't.
JC. run!
Just get out of--
Please. let them go.
I'll do anything you want.
Please.
Please just let them go.
I'll do whatever you want.
Just let them go.
Mom?
Hi. sweetie.
Are you okay?
No.
Oh. What's wrong?
Wait. Why are you calling?
Oh. sweetie. you know.
Mommy's always here for you.
Is my little girl afraid
of the Jester?
What?
He's really not so bad.
He just wants to show you
the truth.
How do you know?
You know. you wouldn't be
in this situation
if you weren't so difficult
all the time.
Mom. what are you talking about?
Oh. Emma.
Don't pretend
like you don't know.
It's hard for people
to get along with you.
I mean. can you blame them?
You're not a very likable
person.
What?
It's like I always say:
"A little more smiling
goes a long. long way."
But no matter
how many times I say it.
I just can't seem
to get through that thick
skull of yours.
But I suppose you got that
from your father.
What the fuck
do you want with me?
Now. that's no way
to talk to your mother.
Fuck you.
Excuse you.
Miss Potty Mouth!
I'll bet you Jocelyn never
speaks to her mother like that.
Well. that's if she could
still speak to her.
Poor little Jocelyn.
She did try to connect
with you. you know.
She made an effort.
Such a shame.
Where did you get that?
She was such a good girl.
What do you mean "was"?
What did you do to her?
Now. why would you care
about a thing like that?
About Daddy's little girl?
No. that's not like you. Emma.
Where is she?
You never cared about her.
Why start now?
Just tell me
what you did to her.
Emma. you can always make
the same choice he did.
Just leave.
You're free to go.
Jocelyn is a member of a family
you never knew.
Soon to be forgotten.
Leave now. sweetie.
And over time. the events of
tonight will feel like a dream
half remembered.
Or...
...we can keep playing.
I'm not leaving without her.
You know.
I always thought you could learn
a thing or two from Jocelyn.
At least Daddy
got one thing right. didn't he?
John...
No. no. John... Please.
John please. Please.
Talk to me. please.
I tried talking.
I called you that night.
and I wanted to talk then.
but you pushed me away.
rejected me. left me alone.
I know you know what you did.
You abandoned a broken man.
I reached out to you
for a connection. a lifeline.
to mend something broken.
Dad.
I know you know what you did.
And I know that
you're now using that anger
that you feel towards me
to cover up for something
deeper. deep inside your gut.
It is festering. feeding.
gnawing at you.
I know you can feel it.
You try to bury it.
but that rot is spreading.
A decaying hole.
swallowing your heart.
No.
Oh. no. no. no.
Please.
You know
you're the reason I'm dead.
JC?
Are you lost. too?
I-- I don't know.
Who are you?
Jocelyn.
Have you seen my dad?
He's gone. And he left me here.
You're...
You're not real.
He left me here all alone.
All by myself.
You're not real.
I am real.
I'm the real daughter.
You're not.
You're make believe.
You're not real.
Daddy says you were never real.
He said you were a mistake.
And that I was what
you can never be.
That's why you have to help me
find him.
-Otherwise--
-Fuck off!
Yes. We've got to get it
all out.
Good job honey. good job.
Oh. I know.
It's gross.
Put a candle in there.
Got to get a candle.
I suppose this is something
you never wanted to see.
An intimate glimpse at a life
you never had yourself.
There's something you
have to understand. Emma.
I didn't hate you.
I didn't.
I just didn't want you.
And I tried.
I really did.
But I was too young.
And I made a mistake.
One you never forgave me for.
What. was I supposed to pay
for that mistake
for the rest of my life?
You know.
you hated me for leaving.
when. in fact.
my one true mistake
was ever having you
in the first place.
Stop.
You see. I became the father
I was meant to be.
Just not with you.
And you couldn't let that go.
JC...
I had everything I could want.
A loving wife.
A perfect daughter. Real family.
One that I felt I could never
fully give myself
to because I had you
hanging over my head.
You're always out there.
somewhere.
preventing me from being happy.
Somehow you managed to rob me
of the privilege of fatherhood.
It was too much.
The weight of it.
Why are you crying?
Didn't my death give you
the closure
you so desperately needed. huh?
Or is it the fact that
you're the one responsible
for it.
You feel it now. too.
don't you?
The weight.
JC. please.
Aw. what's the matter?
Are Daddy's words
too much for you?
This is exactly the reason
why I reached out to you.
I pitied you.
I did it more for me
than anyone else.
And then seeing you
at the funeral?
Jesus. you looked so pathetic
standing there all alone.
I have to admit.
part of me felt good
seeing that you were so low.
So what now. sis?
You lost your opportunity
to mend your relationship
with him.
And now you will never get
that chance again.
Is this what you have to look
forward to?
Forever?
You have nothing.
You form no meaningful
connection
with anyone and to everyone
in your life you are a burden.
Don't allow yourself to burden
me the same way
that you burdened him.
If you have one act of kindness
left in you.
please end the suffering.
For everyone.
Wake up.
Emma. wake up.
You're not real.
Oh. JC! Oh. God! JC!
Oh. God!
JC. JC! Can you hear me?
Please. oh. God!
Can you hear me?
I knew...
I knew you were asleep.
Keep talking.
Hey. keep talking.
J.C. Please. please. please.
No. no. no. no.
Don't leave me!
It's all my fault.
I'm so sorry...
Stay! Away! From her!
I don't know
where you came from...
...and I don't care.
I know exactly what you are.
You're a sickness.
Do what you want to me.
I'm not running anymore.
But you stay the fuck
away from her.
Hey.
I'm not going anywhere. okay?
I'm so sorry.
you didn't deserve any of this.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm not going anywhere. okay?
I'm here.
JC? JC?
Help! Somebody help us!
Help us! Somebody help!
Help!
The show's in Baltimore?
Yep.
That's a bit of a drive.
isn't it?
It's not that bad.
Plus. I wanted to see JC.
Yeah. I know. So...
Got your eye on the next gig
after this one?
Uh. no. not really.
Nothing?
Actually. I was planning
on coming to see you.
Oh. I suppose that'll be fine.
You know. I'd like that very
much. Emmy.
Yeah. me too.
Okay.
Give JC my love. will you?
I will.
I love you. Mom.
- Love you.
- Bye.
There's some things
I need to say to you.
Some things
maybe I should have said.
I should have talked to you
that night.
I should have talked to you.
But. what happened...
It's not my fault.
And I-- I can't keep putting
that on myself.
You made your own choices. John.
I think deep down. I-- I--
I always knew
there was this door.
And I think
I had this dream that...
that one day we might actually
have a relationship.
That's all it ever was.
Was a dream.
And it just really.
really hurt
that you closed that door
forever.
Regardless of how I feel
about it. I. uh...
I'm your blood.
And the sickness that
was in you...
It's in me.
Some days are worse than others.
But I always feel it.
Every day.
It's here.
But I'm not going to make
your mistakes.
I can't.
I'm still here.
You made your own choices.
and I'm going to make mine.
You did right by her. though.
There'd be no her without you.
And.
she has so much good in her.
She's stronger than I ever
gave her credit for.
And I have a lot
to learn from her.
And if she got any of that
from you...
...and you left her with me.
then I guess you gave us
everything we needed.
Goodbye. John.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org